What's up everyone? Today we're going to
be back testing my continuation and
reversion strategy just for the month of
May. Side note, the strategy does change
monthtomonth a little bit based on the
market conditions. If it's drifting to
all-time highs, if it's dumping,
correcting, or stagnating in the middle,
I take a little bit of a different entry
model, but I'm just going to do May
right now. All right, we are on May 1st.
I'm not going to be doing any 8:30 a.m.
news trades because I am not able to
look at the actual values of them from
here, but I'm just going to be doing
market opens for New York AM
continuation, reversion, all that sort
of stuff. So, first one, opening candle
33 points. I'm automatically going to do
half my normal contracts and it's going
to buy just because
opening candle is green and just that's
sort of how you do continuation trades.
Let me see if I can just free take
profit stop loss and buy.
I'm just going to risk 500, go for 750
every single trade. Um, back testing is
a little bit different than live, but
I'm going to give it my best shot. I
don't really do it anymore. So, here's
the first one. Let's speed it up. All
right, there we go. Take profit.
[clears throat]
Now, I am going to mark out what I think
is the fair price, which is just the
pre-open price. And let's see what it
does in terms of a reversion.
I'm going to wait for a break of
structure. Uh, because we're at alltime
highs, I want to wait for a break of
structure to have it like really be
ready to short. I don't want to short
off displacement. So, I'll just wait
till structure breaks, which it does
right here. And in this case, I'm just
going to use I'm going to see how many
points there are. So, just looking at
the right side, there is over 100
points. So, um actually, I'll just use
I'll just use a one contract for every
single one
no matter what. It [clears throat] is
going to be a little bit less
profitable, but just keep everything
standard, same risk. And then I'll
switch contracts. I'll only do the half
contract on opening
opening one. And that one loses, but
that's fine. Now, I'm going to stop at
11 a.m. But let's see if there's any
other shorts presented. Now, I'm going
to bring my fair price back up to here
because we had a volume spike and it
continued up instead of coming back to
the fair price. So, I can change fair
price a little bit throughout the day if
you did not know that.
I change fair price throughout the day
based on most recent consolidation.
Now, let's wait for a break of structure
with no wick because we're at all time
highs here. I really want a a very
strong short. Um, and it looks like we
get the break of structure, no wick at
the bottom.
and looks like a pretty standard shorts.
Actually, I'm going to change it. I'm
just going to do half. So, you can
change the amount of contracts you use
based on how many points to the fair
price. It is something I do. I wasn't
sure if I was going to tell people that
on YouTube. I was just going to say
everyone just do the same thing as
always. But this is a little
optimization you can do to help increase
your win rate. Might as well. There you
go. So, that's the continuation. That is
the reversion. Very good day today.
Let's see if it does go back to AM. It
doesn't. I don't [clears throat] think
it will just because there's a bunch of
consolidation here and then it moved up
farther. So I would think this is the
new fair price and then yes, let's go. I
was correct. All right, so now we are on
to Monday New York AM. Some sort of news
that I obviously don't know what that
was. I don't have news up, but this
definitely looks like a very fair price.
Lots of consolidation and the market is
about to open. Let's see if we take any
continuation. So this would be a great
time to do continuation short. I'm just
going to do one contract because no need
to cut in half. The opening candle was
not very large.
So just the standard - 500 plus 750
[clears throat]
gets really close
and unfortunate loss, but it got very
close uh as expected. So now we'll just
look for a reversion since the
continuation was not a win. Going to
need it to move quite a bit away. It
doesn't look like it's going to because
it's Monday, but let's see if we can get
a decent amount of points in our favor.
Uh, it's going to be a while.
[clears throat] Okay, there we go. I am
down at 11. So, let's see if I do get an
entry before 11. Just wait for the
structure to break. Wick, but no break.
I want to close below.
And there we go. So, this one seems
good. Fair price is probably this. This
one's from the previous day. I don't
need that. So, just take this one and
then you can see how many points we're
getting. We're getting about 50, maybe
60. So, just standard one contract and
then go for 760, 750, whatever, 500 stop
loss. And then we'll see if this one
wins.
Oh my gosh. One tick away. There we go.
One tick away and then it wins. Uh,
definitely done for the day at 11. And
this is a crazy no volume day. Probably
no volume day is why the continuation
loss, but who really knows? All right,
we are now on Tuesday. Let's see what
the opening candle does. Okay, it is
green, but there's a huge wick on top.
So, my bias is going to be longs, but
I'm not going to buy right now just
because of the huge wick.
And if it closes above the Oh,
it's going to say if it closes above, I
will buy. It closed literally at the
same exact one. So, I'm just going to
wait one more candle. Okay, this one's
green. I'm I'm going to buy here just
with one contract. It's probably fine.
Don't need a bigger stop here.
>> [clears throat]
>> and then we'll see what this one does.
Okay, this one wins. Now I'm going to
wait for a reversion back to this price.
Just this consolidation here. Let's see
what we get.
Okay, there we go. Break structure.
Everything seems good to go except for
the fact that news is coming out at 10.
I'm going to do 0.5 contracts because
I'm getting exactly 750 to the fair
price. So, [clears throat] perfect.
And then news comes out. I would move
stop to break even, but I'm in draw
down, so I don't need to
let it play out. Okay, some movements
and it goes the wrong way. Well, it was
worth a try. Entry seemed fine. Uh, it
was at alltime highs, so never the best
short all-time highs, but entry very
good. Just standard break of structure
and then unfortunately not enough
movement in our favor. I will look for
one more if it breaks this consolidation
here.
Yep, there it goes. I'm [clears throat]
gonna do one because fair price is most
likely not this consolidation or this
one right here.
And then we are getting enough points to
go for 750 500. And we'll see what this
one does.
Going down
almost.
Well, unfortunate loss. It did revert to
this pair price. So I guess now we know
this is the pair price going forward.
But that doesn't help us unfortunately.
Did not revert all the way. So on to the
next day. All right. Now we are on
Wednesday. Let's see what the opening
candle does. Okay. Opening candle is
red. Continuation shorts might be an
option here. Um
they're not the best option though. I
think fair price is quite higher. It is
likely about here. Reason for that is
there was two green pieces of news
overnight and you're at the very very
bottom of a move. I would be very
careful to short the absolute bottom. I
would like it if it opens here 100% to
short back to this. I'm just treating
this as a fair price because it's the
consolidation after this news. So, I
would not short if it breaks if it goes
up. Okay,
I'm going to [clears throat] buy with
0.5.
Opening candle was 43. So, buy with 0.5
getting 7050. Okay, exactly to where I
thought fair price was. So, we'll just
let that play out then. Okay, there's a
win. Um, and now I'm actually going to
think about a No, I'm not going to think
about a short. I was going to think
about a short, but instead of the
opening being the fair price, I honestly
think the pair price is now up here or
here. Like, it's one of these two, not
the open, because when it opened, the
overnight orders were short, but then it
quickly reversed on and closed above and
broke structure to the upside. And plus,
we had two green news and high time
frame biases to fail this move here. So,
I am long biased. I might not even
revert this. I'm gonna wait for Okay,
lots of consolidation in there. So, 100%
fair price there.
Uh we'll see if it moves up to where I
can take Oh, I could even maybe I can
buy if it goes down farther.
Uh it doesn't look like it. Okay, it's
about to hit 11 and it's just
consolidating in the bare price and now
it's drifting.
Yeah. So, I'd be done for today. Just
one continuation. More of a macro play.
All right. Now, for Thursday, it looks
like it's opening in the middle of the
overnight range. So, it is probably
opening at a fair price. I'll just mark
out the open. And
all right, shorts seem like they would
be good to take with 17 point candle.
So, I'll just do one one contract here.
I have to drag to 500 750
and we'll see what this one does. This
one loses. Very large wicks this day.
Let's see.
Um,
if we get a good displacement, I'll buy.
Okay. Well, there's the displacement,
but it got back to fair price instantly.
Origin did not see an entry there. Uh,
are we at all time high? Yeah. Okay. So,
now to short, I want to break the
structure just because it's at all time
highs.
So, we'll see.
Alltime highs consolidation. Is it going
to break structure?
Give it a minute.
Okay, give it another minute.
Uh, is that structure? Nope.
If you don't know what structure is,
there should be like a good free YouTube
video on it, but it's basically whenever
there's a wick just like that, and it's
lower than these two. So, it's
structure. Just wait for a close below
it. Here we go. There's a close below,
but there's a huge wick. Um, I would
not short that one probably. Let me see.
Okay, I might go for a really long
trade. The back testing P&L is going to
be way different than proper P&L and
live P&L.
Um, but I'm just trying to get you guys
the strategy.
Uh, so the results are not going to be
totally accurate. Okay, there we go.
Breakup structure. No wick. I'm ready to
short.
Like even days like this, if I was on a
specific account, I would even go for
this. But it's hard to do that in back
testing. Like I feel like it it can
easily revert all the way because it's
just drifting at all time highs
unfairly. It's hard to do that on a prop
firm funded account, Eval account. Like
depending on your account, this is an
optional play that you could do. Okay,
there we go. So, if I wanted to maximize
my account balance, I would do longer
trades like that. I could also just
literally just do 38 points. I don't
know. I don't know what's best for back
testing, but I'm just going to show
everyone the pass rate and that sort of
stuff. And I guess I'll take long trades
like that if I see them.
Uh, this one I took exactly at 11, so
I'm very grateful it broke structure
then instead of later. All right, now
I'm on Friday, but I actually saw that
there's red boulder news and it is
actually going to give the results. I'm
not sure if they have tweets here in FX
Replay, but I'm going to actually just
trade the news like I would usually so I
can give you guys an extra session.
Okay, let's see if we take a
continuation. Continuation long seems
fine here just because it was green and
then this candle sort of confirming good
displacement. I'll just do one contract.
I'll change this to 750. The thing is
here I'm optimizing for prop firms pass
rate because I'm doing a 1 to 1.5. Like
there's better strategies if you're
trading this on live. Okay, perfect. Now
green news prices there. Let's see if I
get a reversion.
breaking structure almost. There we go.
Sell one. Okay, exactly 750 to fair
price. Perfect. 500 here and then just
play that one out. Should win because
it's free news price. Yep, there we go.
Nice and easy. Now, let's see what New
York AM does at 930. Don't want to skip
it by accident.
Okay, green candle. So, 100% long bias
today. Like very very very very strong.
Um we took alltime highs in the morning.
So, this is the alltime high. So, first
of all, we're very close to that. Second
of all, the opening candle is green.
Third of all, news is green. So, I am
very ready. Okay, there we go. I was
going to say I'm very ready to long. So,
that does it for me.
Uh, same risk as usual. Play it. And
there we go. Take profit. Uh, fair price
here. Consolidation here after news as
well. There was consolidation here, but
when open came, it got all the way back
up to here and then consolidated here.
So, it changed fair price up to here.
Now, let's see if I can get a reversion
off this just break of structure. Maybe.
Nope. Okay, new fair price would be up
here because there's a volume spike and
it went away from what I thought was the
fair price.
A little bit more of an in-depth bare
price explanation through these back
test videos, but that is always good.
Um, no breakup structure. It's like at
the same level. We'll see if it does.
Okay, so it climbs up again further. So,
I moved our price up to here.
Okay.
Well, it reverted. Great. Uh, I kind of
missed the displacement entry by
clicking too fast. But, uh, it's
definitely better to wait for breaking
structure at all time highs.
Let's see. Are we going to get structure
break? Nope. And it hits 11. So, on to
the next day. All right. Now, we are on
Monday the 11th. It is at a very, very
fair price. The gap is like slightly
above. So, it's in the middle of the
overnight range. I guess it's more
slightly to the bottom. And then we can
fill this move up here. So before even
seeing the opening candle, I'm just
going to guess long bias, but obviously
we'll see. Hey, there we go.
Opening candle size 37. So let's do 0.5.
There we go. Just like usual.
And that was quick. Very nice. Easy. I
think this is probably a fair price, but
we'll see if
Okay. Wow.
It's moving.
Okay, I missed the entry again. Whoops.
Uh I should have entered right there.
But uh and there's not 75 points in my
favor. So just going to do one contract
and then go for 760 750
and we'll see what that does. There we
go.
Crazy volume this day. Uh we'll see what
happens.
Let's see. Almost to 11
also. Okay. What am I doing? I just
missed another one by clicking too fast.
Okay. Well, that was a mistake. Um,
okay. I should have taken this with 75
35 to 50, but I mean, I'll just get in
here and take it uh with one. So, I'll
do 30.
All these numbers are confusing me while
I'm doing this over here. I'll just do
the smaller one. It doesn't matter.
Okay, they both won. Back to the fair
price. Pretty easy trade. And it is
10:30. Let's see if we get another
opportunity before 11.
Uh almost.
And
okay, it's about to break structure.
We'll see if it closes.
Wick.
Green candle. Green. Green. Green. Okay.
I'm done. All right. Now we are on
Tuesday. High time frame bias is long.
So let's expect a long drift on this
day. Um now let's see what open does.
Okay. Open very large red candle. Uh I
would just take a continuation short
with 0.5 contracts
just because open candle bigger than 25
as we always do
and unfortunately lose but that's
normal. Um let's see what it does from
here. Mark out fair price there and
we'll see if we can get a reversion.
Okay, there's the reversion but no
breakup structure. So,
okay, I'm getting ready to long.
That's displacement. U but we're only
doing break of structure in this video.
There's a break of this structure right
here. It's not the best for sure, but it
is still a structure being broken.
I probably should have sized down.
Whoops. But let's play it. There we
[clears throat] go. They both would have
won. All right. So, there's the
reversion.
Yeah, it's continuing down. Opening
candle is red. So, good short bias
indicated by that. Let's see. There
might be one more attempt. Oh [__] I
missed it again.
Uh, this was supposed to be the attempt.
I can still do 0.5. It's still far
enough away.
But yeah, that was supposed to be the
reversion there
and unfortunately lose. Maybe one more
time before 11. Let's see if it breaks
up. Nope. Okay, no break up. So, I am
done. It's just dumping. Okay, on to the
next day. All right, so it's opening
about in the middle of the range. High
time frame could be either way. And
let's do opening candle says to short.
So, I'm going to short with 0.5
contracts. And all these are NQ, by the
way. [clears throat and cough]
All right, there's the win. Now I'm
going to revert to pre-open price.
That's a good displacement, but I'm just
going to wait for break structure. Give
it a bit. Give it more time. More time.
Okay. Well, good reversions, but no
entry for break of structure yet. Huge
wicks. Okay. If it breaks from this
consolidation, if it breaks down, I'm
going to adjust fair price to here. If
it breaks up, I'm going to buy back to
the opening price.
Okay, time to buy. And let's see how
many points are we getting. Oh, we're
getting a lot of points. So, I'll do 0.5
buy. And then let it play out.
And there we go. Nice easy win. I guess
I'll let it play a bit more. See if we
get any opportunity at 11. No. Okay.
So, it just consolidates more at fair
price. Perfect. Really great reversion
there just off the first break of
structure. On to the next day. Here we
are on Thursday the 14th. High time
frame bias probably just longs. It's a
little bit to the bottom side of the
overnight range. Uh so going to expect a
long drift today and then we have
alltime highs up there to claim
possibly. Let's see what it does. First
candle red. Okay, that's weird.
Oh, that's better. It is 26 points. So I
would still do the 0.5. Um the opening
candle slash this one. I guess you could
also consider for the the special sizing
the half size. There we go. Easy
continuation as always. Uh just the
reason for this one is a broken close
above this previous structure. No wick
on top, two wicks projecting shorts,
high time frame long. So everything
lines up except the opening candle which
is more than enough for me to take it.
Definitely not the best. Obviously you
want to do in the direction of the open,
but some days it's very artificially
created if you if you know what I mean.
Uh now let's just look for a reversion
back to this price. Probably a fair
price. Also consolidation here might be
fair. We can consider that in a second.
But I'm definitely going to have one
attempt for sure. Let's see. That's
displacement, but no break structure
yet.
There's the breakup structure. And let's
do 0.5 contracts just so we get a larger
stop and the same takeprofit
and then play it out. There we go. Easy.
[clears throat]
Maybe one more attempt. We'll see what
it does.
Okay, I'm moving fair price up to here.
I have a green with this area here. So,
it's either here or here. So, I put it
in the middle of them. Uh because my
whole goal here is to have a bias. Okay.
It didn't break below. It broke to the
even with it. So, not a strong breakup
structure there. Is it going to hit 11
or we going to get one more short?
Almost. Any breaking structure? Yep.
Structure breaks. Um, so you could
consider one right here.
There's a pretty large wick at the
bottom. Is it alltime highs? Yeah.
I mean, it's 50/50. If there's a large
wick, you can wait for the next candle
to confirm.
Okay. That one's indecisive. Okay.
I really don't want to trade after 11
because it always just drifts straight
up. Yeah, nothing here. It's probably
just going to drift. Yeah, whenever it
hits alltime highs, it's just a drift.
So, it's hard to short that unless it
actually breaks structure before 11.
This one's it's decent, but the huge
wick at the bottom kind of scares me.
Right now, we are on Friday the 15th.
Let's see.
Okay, red candle.
We'll look for some continuation shorts
if I get an entry. This one's an
optional entry. It's a 34 point candle.
Uh opening candle is very small though.
19 only 19 points. I would prefer it to
close below structure.
Yeah, that one that one should work.
Just do one.
It is a 50 point candle. Okay, this
one's this one's really weird. Okay. Uh
the reason why I'm a bit hesitant is
it's at the all-time low of the last 24
hours. And it's never good to be
shorting the absolute bottom.
Opening candle is red. It did close
below structure. I'll just sell with
one. I'm more
trading off like a quick continuation
rather than a bias like the larger ones.
Okay. Oh, it didn't work anyway. So,
that's all right. Whatever. On to the
reversion, which is always a bit better.
There's the fair price. Now, let's see.
Do we ever Okay. Break a structure,
but like three points in our favor.
Let's [clears throat] wait. There's
another break. And this one seems good.
Just do one.
750 500. There we go. Let that run. And
okay,
I guess it lost.
Yeah, it lost before it won, I think. I
don't know. It went too fast. I was Yep.
Okay. Well, it lost right before
winning. Unfortunate. Um, but great
reversion trade in general. Maybe
possibility for a short. Yep. The
structure here just got broken. Sell one
and 500.
That was pretty easy.
Uh maybe one more before 11 if it jumps
up or down.
Okay, it's consolidating at fair price.
So, we are done for this day. All right,
now we're on Monday the 18th. Let's see
what sort of action we're getting. There
was no news. I mean, this was obviously
some sort of news, but it wasn't
planned. So, we'll see how it reacts to
this area right here. Opening candle red
and high time frame um high time frame
short just to fill this move up here.
So, pretty strong short bias going in
today because we have to revert this
move here. I don't know if this is
caused by a tweet like an actual thing
that could change fair price because
it's a back test, but does make it a
little harder. But whatever, we'll just
follow the strategy exactly like it
says. Okay, I'm going to use one
contract for short instead of path. And
there we go. Break a structure. So
750 500.
Play it out. Oh man, I lost. Um I could
consider one more maybe. Okay, I'm
probably going to take one more.
We are at what I think might be a fair
price, which is this.
So, it's not the best, but I'm just
going to take a very quick continuation.
The opening candle was quite small, so
I'm just going to stick with a smaller
size, even if this candle was large, and
just hope that we can get there pretty
quickly. Okay.
Yeah. Well, that was not the best trade
for sure.
What was I doing?
Okay, looking back, that was dumb. This
candle was 26 points. The opening candle
was very small. I don't know. Maybe you
could have done 50, 75, and then one
pretty easily. But I don't know.
I always get a little bit 50/50 when the
opening candle's really small, but then
the candles themselves are printing
large. It just throws me off because I
feel like the opening candle is
obviously the one with the most volume.
So, it does throw me off sometimes, but
I just try and stick with the same thing
every time. So, probably just fine to
get destroyed.
I guess because it went down but as
expected for sure but just got stopped
out every time.
All right, I can send in a buy here with
0.5
just because there's a lot of points in
our favor.
Hey, okay, perfect. Just easy break
structure. At least reversion is paying
us when uh continuation somehow losing
two continuations when it's only going
down. I don't know. Whatever. reversion
pays. Oh, that's not a breakup
structure.
Oh my gosh, it's working. The versions
are great, but the continuation trolled
today. We'll see if we get one more
attempt here before 11. Oh yeah,
definitely going to get another shot.
This one seems pretty good just by half
the contract. Okay, it was not pretty
good. It was It was bad. Whatever.
That's not the worst. I just didn't like
that this wick did not close above.
But it hits 11. No more structure being
broken. on to the next day. All right,
Tuesday the 19th. High time frame bias
definitely longs because it's at the
very bottom. Hopefully opening candle is
green. Then we'll have a very good
continuation long. Hey, there we go.
We're in breakup structure. A little bit
of a wick, but the high time frame bias
makes up for that. There's take profit.
Pretty easy mark out price.
More movement up. I'm going to short
when it breaks structure. There we go. I
can sell.5 just because I have so many
points in my favor that going for 38 is
kind of like it's it's good too but just
too few.
Hey, there we go. That was pretty easy
continuation reversion just break of
structure as always. A+ setup for sure.
Uh let's see if we get
anything else. More movement up. If it
breaks structure down, I'll short again.
No structure in there.
Uh it did break structure. Uh okay. I
kind of want to short again. back to
here. How many points is that? Uh,
exactly 75. So, let's do it.
Hey, there we go.
Anything else before 11? Because it's
really early. Three wins so early on.
Uh, okay. Wow. I'm actually going to
buy. This is a crazy volume day. Let's
see. Right there. First break of
structure. Buy with five seems fine.
Okay. Stopped out.
One more buy. It breaks above. Okay,
that was maybe irresponsible. I'll do
one more though
if it can break and close above
structure.
Oh,
trying to look at the time as well. I
don't want it to hit 11.
Oh man, I really want to buy. Hey, there
we go. Last attempt for today. I do take
a lot of trades just because I feel like
I know it's going to revert. Okay, there
we go. Back to fair price. I just feel
like I know it's going to revert. So, if
I get stopped out, I'm ready to go on
another account. That's how I'm getting
through so many trades per day.
Obviously, some setups are better than
others when you have really good price
action and no wicks, but I'm pretty much
taking everything. So, very good day
that day. All right, now Wednesday the
20th, high time frame bias probably
short. Let's see what opening is,
though. Okay, opening's green.
Um, I wouldn't buy right now just
because it hasn't broke above any any
structure. So, it is 9:30, but it didn't
break and close above any structure. So,
I'm not going to buy yet. I'm going to
wait for a confirmation meeting just to
break in the close above. Hey, there we
go.
Um,
okay.
[clears throat] I'm probably going to do
one contract
because that candle was only 15 points.
So, um, not the half contract size.
Okay, that's a bit off, but I don't
care.
Wow.
Oh [__]
Well, that got back to fair price pretty
fast.
And then I just missed a long entry.
Whoops. Um, okay. You should have bought
here. The candle's 26 point 50. Okay. 50
point candle. Do a 50 point stop for
sure. And then 75 take profit.
Uh, I don't know if there's any way I
can enter this. Okay. Okay. Basically,
what I like is that the opening candle
was green
and this one was green as well. Lots of
wicks rejecting shorts and a broken
close above structure. So, I do like
Yeah. Okay, there we go. Whoops. I
should have taken that. And then I
reversed fair price and I missed that as
well. But there was no break structure
there, so it's fine. Let's see if I do
get a Okay, tons of consolidation around
fair price. Very obvious fair price
there.
Okay, what are what is this volume? 84
points. Okay, that
I don't want to make assumptions, but
I'm pretty sure this is a Trump tweet.
And I think new fair price be here. Let
me just double check.
Okay, yep, that's a Trump tweet.
Basically, I can tell because the volume
increased out of nowhere at a random
time and then it just started
consolidating after. So, this is a new
fair price. I would possibly
You know what? I'm going to take an
interesting trade here. I'm just gonna
buy. Uh the reason for this, I would
prefer to have a much larger stop-loss.
Like I probably should have bought with
Okay, let me let me try something
interesting for you guys. I'm going to
try this.
I'm going to keep the same risk over
here and I'm going to show you guys a
news news dripped trade. This is what
happens when Trump tweets and I'm buying
at like just the price after the tweet.
Consolidation after the tweet and we
have alltime highs is a really good
target. Okay, I guess it's never mind.
Ignore that. Um I'm just going to news
drift this Trump tweet. See what happens
because I'm actually kind of interested.
Might take a really long time and speed
it up, but I just want to see if it
drifts long over the course of the day.
So it did drift long and then of course
one point away from my take profit. Uh,
if it hits 2 pm, then I'll just keep
holding.
Yeah, news drift trades are are are
quite interesting. Okay, good drift.
It's going to hit four and then I'll
just exit because that's when the
propers make you exit. Oh my god, edged
again. Okay, well, I'm just going to
have to exit here because it's four and
the prop is going to make you exit.
Well, I guess four was like one point
away from taking take profit, but
whatever. Yeah, so that's how you do a
news drift trade. Uh, basically like
incredibly large takeprofit stop loss.
just let it run and see what happens.
More often than not, it's going to win.
So that's how you can use a bias. So
that kind of messed up the risk
management, but just ignore that. On to
the next day. All right, Thursday. We
are opening out the bottom. So high time
frame is long. Let's see if we get an
entry. Okay, first candle red.
Second candle red.
Okay, that's a break and a close above.
I'm still not going to do it, though.
I'm not going to do it. Uh because
there's a very large wick up here.
So, I don't want to go against the wick
plus the opening candle being red. I
guess we'll see if I was right or wrong
for doing that. Um, okay. It's just
chopping.
Okay, I was wrong.
Whoops. Whatever. Now, let's just see if
I get entry back to this consolidation
off of breaking structure or reversion.
Okay, break structure and we're getting
50 points. So, I'll just do one
contract. It's going to be a pretty
quick trade. See if we can get a nice
quick reversion there. 750,500.
Okay. Wow.
Interesting.
Nothing you can do about that. Yes. Uh
yeah, that's just weird. Very, very
weird wick when it clearly wanted to go
down. Whatever. Uh possible longs here.
If it breaks and closes above. Okay, it
breaks and closes above, but it's
already back. So, I'm probably done for
today.
Yeah, more consolidation of the fair
price.
That's a bad day.
Is it? Oh, it's a Thursday. That's
weird. Bad days are usually Mondays.
Whatever. Uh, just lots of
consolidation. No real moves. And then
it did a real move. We had a a great
setup, but then weird wick. Whatever. On
to the next one. All right. We are now
on Friday high time frame. probably a
little bit short just because it's
toward the upper side of that range
overnight.
Okay, open candle's green. So, I'm just
going to buy then and the size is 37.5.
So, we'll choose 0.5 contract buy
and then let it play out. That was easy.
Now, fair price just this consolidation
here prior to open all this stuff here
probably like there somewhere.
Uh let's see. Do we get any short
positions? because I really want to go
short. That's not bad. Good
displacement. Um,
probably could not. Oh, there we go. How
many points is this? Okay. Well, there's
like no points. If I was to go for 38,
let's see how far I need it to go.
I needed to hit the low of the opening
candle. Let me think. Is this possible?
This is obviously a tweet uh because
it's a random price movement at 8:12
a.m. The consolidation after the tweet
is this area here.
So this is like the middle of that area.
You know what? I'm just going to do it.
It's 30 points. I'll just go for 38.
We'll see what it does.
If you're on a live account, you would
put your fair price here. You put your
target here. But we're on proper, so
that is why I am putting it a little bit
below because I'm trying to just follow
minus 500 plus 750 each time instead of
optimization for a live account. It's
obviously different. What is that? Okay,
so it's obviously different and that's
why my account balance is not going to
be as high as it could be because I'm
optimizing for prop firms, but I'm
testing back testing it for you guys
here in a live account format. Hey,
there we go.
Okay.
Uh, let's see if we get anything else
before 11.
[clears throat] Maybe one final short.
We'll see if it breaks structure down.
Oh, huge wick.
I would be careful. And it's 11. We're
done. On to the next. All right. Monday
the 25th. This is Memorial Day, so it's
going to be a bank call day, but I still
trade it the same. Um, as long as
there's volume. So, yep, there's volume.
Six point opening candle. Okay, you bet.
We are doing one contract instead of
half a contract. Same risk as usual.
75500. Even though it is a bank holiday,
I still think it's going to work. Same.
There we go. And then market fair prices
there. Let's see what we get.
Constructure. Is it going to break?
Hey, there we go. That one
750 500.
Let it play out
a little bit farther down, please. There
we go. All right, that was easy for bank
holiday.
Two and two and 0. Uh oh [__] What am I
doing? I still long by clicking too
fast. Uh, okay, never mind. It's only 15
points. It's 100% going to win, but Oh,
yep. But not enough points in our favor
to even take that.
And that looks like a tweet. On to the
next day. Right now, we are on Tuesday.
It's opening in the middle of the
overnight range again. So, it's probably
opening pretty fairly. Let's just see
what it does. Okay, short bias. Let's
see. Should I just take short right now?
Honestly, I think I'm going to uh let me
check. So, very large wick to the top.
100% rejecting long. So, there's zero
way I'm longing, which probably means
I'm going to short. Um I just don't like
that I wasn't able to enter here. I
guess it's good that I didn't enter here
though because this wick would have
stopped me out probably. Uh yeah, I can
probably go short. Just fill this this
recent move up. So the high time frame
is kind of in the middle, but we're
always balanced to revert the most
previous move. So I'll just go short and
then the size of the opening candle 18
point. So one is probably fine.
I'll do 550 and see what happens.
Okay, nice continuation short. Uh fair
prices.
Fair price is most likely this
consolidation here.
And what am I doing? Oh my god, I just
missed a buy. What am I doing?
Oh [__] What? Whatever. Uh, how can I
fix this? How can I fix this? Um, I'm
just going to put this to 750.
What am I doing? I was just going to put
infinite stop loss because I want this
money. I know it's no win.
Okay. Well, yeah, I was supposed to
enter there. So, we'll count that,
right? Break a structure reversion.
Easy.
Allow it.
This is no breaker structure, by the
way, since this is not a structure.
I like that the way came back here
instead of the open, right? So, I'm
agreeing that fair price is probably
here, but let's see what it does for the
rest of the day. No structure broken.
Still no structure being broken.
I'm going to miss it if I go on that
speed. Okay. Are we at all time highs?
Yes. Okay. So, it's it's at all time
highs, which means it moves far
unfairly. So, I am getting ready to
short.
I feel like I've been shorting in all of
these videos, on all these days.
Uh, give it a bit more. Let's see if it
breaks structure before 11. I really
hope it does.
Oh, there we go. Uh, I'm going to do 0.5
just because there's so many points in
my favor. Like, I can even put this down
here. This is what I do on a live
account, by the way. I would probably do
something like this on a live account
and then just print infinite profit. But
it's unfunded, so I'll just do minus
500. And then on Eval, there's the
consistency rule. So, uh, I'm just going
to go for 1500 because you don't want to
win more than half of your thing in one
day because consistency rule.
Let's see what it does. Whenever it's at
all time highs, you can take really long
reversions, which is amazing. It prints
profit. There you go. Print.
And it's past 11. Did I enter before 11?
Yes, I did. Rules all followed. On to
the next. All right. Here we are on
Wednesday. High time frame could be
short. I remember this was fake news.
Fake news is very weird when you're
doing fair pricing theory. Um, basically
just pretend it didn't happen. So, uh,
you want to pretend that this stuff
never happened. Just pretend that the
chart kept going like this. Uh, because
that is fake news and that's not real
price action. Uh, so we'll just leave it
like that for today. Let's see what this
does anyways. Okay, red, very large
candle, 50 points. So, definitely half
the contract there. I'll let that play
out. See what it does. Okay, there's a
win. Very easy mark out fair price.
Probably this consolidation right there.
Now let's see if we can go long anywhere
off break of structure. All right,
structure broken.
Uh 100 points favor by.
Okay, lose unfortunately. Structure
broken again. One more.
Oh, okay. Scam.
Why is it not reverting?
Okay. Uh, I missed an entry. What am I
doing? I'm clicking too fast.
Uh, the entry should have been this.
I guess we can just watch it together.
Oh [__]
Okay. Well, it hit 11 and it lost.
[clears throat] So, we'll have to take
away one win. We'll have to take off
500.
Whatever. Seems like a pretty good
entry, though. If I entered here, I
would have won. Wait, hold on. Let me
just double check.
Did this break structure? Yes, this
broke this structure. So, I should have
bought here and then it would have Would
it have to hit 75? Hold on.
This is important to know. Yes, it would
have. Okay, so it would have won. Not
Yeah, pretty close, but would have won.
There's the entry to the tick. Barely a
win. So, I guess we have to add 750 to
the profit at the end. All right, we are
back to Thursday the 28th. Uh, slight
problem. While I was fast forwarding, I
accidentally skipped news. There was
news at 8:30. It showed me the little
red thing, but it went away now that I
skipped it. Uh, but yeah, you should
have taken a news continuation and had
the easiest win ever, but I skipped it
by accident. Whatever. Let's see what
the open does. Okay, [clears throat]
this is interesting. Let me check high
time frame.
Uh, is that all time high? Oh, that's
from yesterday. I can delete this
though. So, it's it's honestly in the
middle of all of that. I don't like
opening longs because I'm my goal now is
to revert it to pre-news. So, I only
want to take continuations to pre-news.
I think the opening candle might have
been affected by the fact that news was
green and caused a fake long candle and
also it failed to close above that. Let
me just double check.
Okay, there we go. I'm just going to
sell.5 [clears throat] to get back to
the previous price.
Um,
I guess it's fine that I'm not
Yeah, it's fine that I'm overshooting
because it's not on live. Remember, if I
was on live, my profit target would be
exactly the previous price,
but it's on a prop. So, okay, there we
go. We hit pre-news. Now, I could
consider long for a few reasons. The
first reason is the bias is definitely
long because the opening was green and
news was green. My time frame is sort of
50/50. So, ignore that. But news was
green and opening was green. So, I
really do want to buy. I honestly think
I'm just going to do it here because it
just broke structure and the stop loss
is like good to be below. So, it's sort
of like a bias trade. That was close.
Hey, there we go. Okay. No luck
involved. Perfect. Just like a standard
bias trade.
uh because this was green and this was
green and if I think this is a fair
price then from here over time fair
price changes right and I feel like it's
going to change in the positive
direction because news was green and
open was green so that is why I did that
um newest fair price I'm just going to
say it's here consolidation here this
okay this looks like a tweet though
oh did I miss a reversion probably this
is definitely a tweet actually just
because it's a 106 point candle at 10
10:12 a.m. which never happens. So
clearly a tweet. Oh, news rift. Remember
news rift trade. Uh let's see how many
should I do. I can do 0.2 again.
Yeah, that's probably fine.
And remember to follow the 75500 rule as
always. This one might take a really
long time as well. But just the news
strip, same as last one. Trump tweeted,
just ride the green. Also open the
screen. News hero is green and Trump was
green. So, and there's all time highs.
So, this is 100% going to win.
Did I jinx it?
Okay, one point away. Why are all my
news drip trades one point away? Oh my.
Okay, hold on. Maybe I should stop it.
Oh, one point away again.
Wait, am I past?
Shoot, I went past
market close. Whoops. Okay, well, you
get the idea. Did it add money? Okay,
whatever. Hopefully that's money. Yeah.
So I get I mean you get you get the
idea. Opening was green, news was green,
Trump tweet was green. So I just want to
buy and then drift. And then you need a
big stop if you want to drift so that
you're not uh losing your expectation if
you get stopped out. One more day for
May, I think. 2930. Yeah. All right. We
are now on the 29th. Um and then
obviously the weekend will end May, but
we are at alltime highs. So probably
just going to have a long bias. But
anyways, let's see what the opening
candle does on the one minute. It is
Okay, it is 50/50, but it is green,
which is good. Now, if it closes above,
I'll just buy. Yeah. Okay, I assume so.
Um, and then the size of the candle is
29. So, I'll just do 0.5, I guess. And
then just let it drift.
A little bit of a difference between
like the drift and the scalp trades. Um,
there we go. Pretty easy. Now,
I'm uh I'm going to short back to the
pre-open price, but I'm going to wait
for break structure because we're all
time high. So, no displacement.
[clears throat]
And the entry is going to be
right there. Break structure. Boom. 0.5.
Just because you have enough points in
your favor. Uh, if I was on a live
account or a funded account, which
doesn't have consistency rule, you could
target more. Same thing on Eval. Like,
technically, I could just go for I don't
know why I'm not going for a thousand.
What have I been doing? Okay.
Uh, I'm not sure why why I was not doing
that earlier.
Um, you can go for 500, you can go for
750, you can go for 1,000, you can go
for 1,500, but don't go for more than
1500 on eBunded.
It's okay to go for more because they
don't have consistency, but make sure
you know the rules. Okay. Uh, pretty
easy reversion there. Um, so I love
these I love these reversions. Like just
there are so many points in my favor
like this 100 points exactly and you can
have such small stops like 25 points and
you just have to win a little bit more
than like 20% to be profitable. So, I
mean, it's like so it's so profitable.
You just have to make sure you don't get
caught up in the days where it goes like
this
because then if you short here, here,
here, here, and you kind of cook. But it
doesn't do that too often. Don't worry.
All right. I think that was all of May
because next is the weekend. Um, let me
see if we can pull up the stats. All
right. So, let's take a look at the
performance of the strategy over May.
This is just a standard equity curve.
Um, but the the strategy is optimized
for reduced draw down so you don't blow
your profit account challenge as much.
Um, so to lose a 50k account, you have
to lose $2,000, which is 4%. And as you
can see, we never hit 4%. So you would
have not lost an account um for that
month. I think
I can just do dollars.
Okay. Well, I guess if you have draw on
streaks, so I'm not sure why it's
calculating like this. Uh, so you would
have lost it like backtoback days here.
I don't know why it's calculating like
this. Whatever. Um, but yeah, no, no
instant $2,000 draw down streak. Math
draw down 120, whatever. So, you're
never going to blow an account in one
day, which is always great.
And in terms of the performance, 67% win
rate. Uh, definitely not enough trades
to consider it like a solid
uh win rate, but obviously the strategy
works. Just pretty good profit and loss
on
the month. Expectancy profit factors.
Great. Uh, I'm going to plug into my
website at the end and I'll show you
exactly what Prop Firm is optimal for
me. I guess I kind of use them all
because I'm trying to scale. Uh,
performance calendar. Interesting. One,
two, three, four, five, six red days.
Not bad considering tons of trades every
day. That's obviously why it's going to
average out to be green because the
strategy wins. Okay. 2.67 trades per
day. Uh, I'm definitely more aggressive
on my own accounts because I'm taking a
bunch of displacements. So that lowers
my win rates, but it increases the
amount of trades I can take and then I
make more money because I'm taking
profitable trades on props. But my win
rate's personally lower because I take
slightly worse trades.
Um, but yeah, this is a good amount of
trades for New York session
[clears throat] for a beginner who only
has one or two accounts and you just
want to take it slow and only take the
best setups, which is what I was showing
you in this video. Important to have low
max draw down, especially on prop firms.
That is why I created the strategy
specifically for prop firms in terms of
the risk management uh that I just
showed you which is why we never hit
minus 2k uh in one day and pretty good
positive expectancy. Uh it's looking
quite linear. So everything as expected.
All right. So I took 56 trades and I won
37 of them.
Average win was just I'll just do 750
and then average loss 500 because that's
what I pretty much what I follow for all
of them and it wants me to use this one.
U so I'm getting pretty good EB on the
100k top step no fee with consistency
rule based on these stats. Um obviously
I'm profitable in all the prop firms but
you should put in your own stats. So I
would never buy the MFX 25K to only make
1,300 when I could buy this and make
like five times as much. So hopefully
this can help you guys as well. I'll put
it in the description. All right. So I
hope you guys enjoyed the back test.
That should have given you a little bit
of more information about my risk
management protocol on prop firms seeing
as how we are barely ever hitting max
draw on up $2,000 except for consecutive
days and as well you are seeing very
good equity curves. So just try and
replicate exactly what I did to the best
of your ability. Obviously this should
be optimized different risk on different
prop firms definitely different risk on
a live account. Tons of optimizations
you can do, but this should get you
incredibly profitable results if you're
just able to replicate pretty much what
I